New post: Don't worry about lifetimes (#22)
corrode/corrode.github.io: content/blog/lifetimes/index.md

It is helpful to think of lifetimes as "labels" &mdash; [you can name them however you want](https://www.possiblerust.com/pattern/naming-your-lifetimes) to make your code more understandable. For instance:

```rust
// Now it is clear that the processed data is tied to the input data
fn process_input<'input>(data: &'input str) -> &'input str {
    // ...
}
```

Naming lifetimes can be quite helpful if you need to juggle multiple borrow sources
or when you want to express the source of a reference more clearly. Serde uses this technique to great effect in its `Deserialize` trait:

```rust
fn deserialize<'de, D>(deserializer: D) -> Result<Self, D::Error>
where
    D: Deserializer<'de>,
{
    // ...
}
```

Here, `'de` means "this lifetime is tied to the deserializer". Suddenly, that syntax makes a lot more sense!

Think of lifetimes like type signatures: most of the time, they can be inferred,
but at times it's clearer to spell them out to avoid mistakes. Plus, these
explicit annotations double as useful documentation.

## Conclusion

> All references (borrows) in Rust have lifetimes. The compiler tracks them whether they're explict or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All references (borrows) in Rust have lifetimes. The compiler tracks them, whether they're explict or not.
```

Author: Funny that you point out that one, but not the typo in "explicit". 😆 Fixed both.

At the start of my Rust journey, I worried way too much about lifetimes. I
thought they were the key to understanding Rust and that I need to master them
to write idiomatic code. But it turns out you don't need to worry about
lifetimes most of the time. The compiler does a great job of inferring lifetimes

> for you, and you should only add them when you have a good reason to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for you, and you should only add them when the compiler tells you to, or you know it will improve performance
```

Author: rewrote that part thanks
